added 2022-06-09 weekly meeting details (#58)
fossology/gsoc: docs/2022/ui/updates/ayush/2022-06-09.md

---
title: GSOC 2022 weekly update.
author: Ayush Kumar
author_url: https://github.com/Ayush7614
author_image_url: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/67006255?v=4
tags: [gsoc22, react, ui, api]
---

<!--
SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0

SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2022 Ayush Kumar <ayushknj3@gmail.com>
-->

## Meeting 1
*(June 9th, 2022)*

GSOC 2022 weekly update.

<!--truncate-->

### Attendees

- [Anupam Ghosh](https://github.com/ag4ums)
- [Gaurav Mishra](https://github.com/GMishx)
- [Shaheem Azmal M MD](https://github.com/shaheemazmalmmd)
- [Kaushlendra Pratap](https://github.com/Kaushl2208)
- [Ayush Bhardwaj](https://github.com/hastagAB)
- [Vivek Kumar](https://github.com/viv9k)
- [Avinal Kumar](https://github.com/avinal)
- [Sushant Kumar](https://github.com/its-sushant)
- [Rohit Pandey](https://github.com/rohitpandey49)
- [Thanvi Lahari Pendyala](https://github.com/Pendyala-thanvi)
- [Ayush Kumar](https://github.com/Ayush7614)
- [Krishna Mahato](https://github.com/krishna9304)
- [Soham Banerjee](https://github.com/soham4abc)

### Discussions

- Fossology Setup Done

> - My Sem end exams are going on then after i start contribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- My Sem end exams are going on, after which I start to contribution.
```

Author: Done @GMishx
